A group of friends want to buy a bouquet of flowers. The florist wants to maximize his number of new customers and the money he makes. To do this, he decides he'll multiply the price of each flower by the number of that customer's previously purchased flowers plus 1. The first flower will be original price,(0+1) * original price , the next will be
(1+1) * original price
and so on.

Given the size of the group of friends, the number of flowers they want to purchase and the original prices of the flowers, determine the minimum cost to purchase all of the flowers.

For example, if there are k=3
friends that want to buy flowers that cost c=[1,2,3,4] each will buy one of the flowers priced [2.3,4] at the original price. Having each purchased flower, the first flower in the list, , will now cost . The total cost will be
2+3+4+(1+1)*1 = 11
.

Function Description

Complete the getMinimumCost function in the editor below. It should return the minimum cost to purchase all of the flowers.

getMinimumCost has the following parameter(s):

    c: an array of integers representing the original price of each flower
    k: an integer, the number of friends

Input Format

The first line contains two space-separated integers
and , the number of flowers and the number of friends.
The second line contains space-separated positive integers

, the original price of each flower.

Constraints

Output Format

Print the minimum cost to buy all

flowers.

Sample Input 0

3 3
2 5 6

Sample Output 0

13

Explanation 0

There are
flowers with costs and people in the group. If each person buys one flower, the total cost of prices paid is dollars. Thus, we print

as our answer.

Sample Input 1

3 2
2 5 6

Sample Output 1

15

Explanation 1

There are
flowers with costs and

people in the group. We can minimize the total purchase cost like so:

    The first person purchases 

flowers in order of decreasing price; this means they buy the more expensive flower () first at price dollars and the less expensive flower () second at price
dollars.
The second person buys the most expensive flower at price

    dollars.

We then print the sum of these purchases, which is

, as our answer.

Sample Input 2

5 3
1 3 5 7 9

Sample Output 2

29

Explanation 2

The friends buy flowers for
, and , and for a cost of .